# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-04-17

Facilitator: Mikael Malmqvist

Participants: Mikael Malmqvist, Niklas Tegnander

## Objectives
Nothing to be said here.. Really, we're doing fine, and nothing is getting in our way.

## Reports
Our first realse is done and merged into master branch.

We've refactored the game logic to suit the network protocol better (Mostly for how JoinRoom and StartGame works)

More use-cases has been done and added to the RAD.

The placement part of the appliation is as good as done. (not visually)

We've redone the in-game part of the application, using new classes: GameScreen, GameModel and GameRenderer instead of the intended InGameScreen, InGame and InGameRenderer.

We've created the option for loading settings externaly.

The RAD is as good as done, we just need the use-case bubbles.

We've solved some issues.

The interface ISankossClientListener has also been created to replace the interface SankossClientListener, which has been changed into an abstract class.

#### Unsolved

The couplings, along with the over all cohesion of the model, has yet not been looked over, this is something we need the rest of the group to discuss.

The sequence diagram is not yet done, we need the rest of the group to finish this.

The use-case bubbles has not yet been done..

## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?
We've not worked terribly hard since last week, due to the shortage in the group, yet we're a head of time and have a good chance of having a fully working prototyp in the near future

#### What do we need to do?
Fredrik still needs to do his use-case bubbles!

We need the sequence diagram, but are unable to do this until we've got the full group gathered.

We need to continue the work in the Game classes (where player's shoot at each other, etc)

## Outcomes and assignments
Nothing critical needs to be done, we just need to continue working.


## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?
See __Outcomes and assignments__

#### When are we having the next meeting?
140420