# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-05-06

Facilitator: Daniel Eineving

Participants: Mikael Malmqvist, Fredrik Thune, Daniel Eineving, Niklas Tegnander

## Objectives
We need to work more on the sequence diagrams, and we are closing up on deadline so we have to work on solving our issues.

## Reports
We have been working on Player and the Player class. Files have been relocated to more suitable locations in the repository. The have also made water that are more realistic to the previous one, which means it is blue instead of grey. More work have been done to the visual part, like adding flags and ships to the game. There have also been some remodeling in the server, with a new type, BasePlayer. We have also decided on a new design of main menu. We have also done the following things:
* Decided a new host system
* Created a WaitingClass
* Refractored the listeners
* Fixed a RemoveRoom-exception
* Made more Use-Cases
* Done some Sequense Diagram

#### Unsolved

## Discussion items
Should BasePlayer extend, or be a superclass to the class Player? When these names are used it indicates that they are somehow related, but they are currently not.
Player should extend BasePlayer.

Should the host be able to decide by themselves how many ships that should be used in the game?
After discussions we have decides that they should not. A classic battleship game contains five boats, with the lenghts two, three, three, four and five.

#### How are we doing?
We are now working on fine tuning and just making the user experience better. All the basic functionallity is working.

#### What do we need to do?
Add check to see if the server is up or not, you should not be able to click on "Multiplayer" if the server is down. Visual response what happens when your opponent shoots at you, the player also need to know when it is its turn. The new menu system needs to be implemented, and the placement screen needs to be remodeled.

## Outcomes and assignments
Everyone needs to make sequence diagrams and continue coding on the objects that are mentioned above.
## Wrap up 
#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?
The server need to send out fetch room when a new game has been hosted.
#### When are we having the next meeting?
Date: 2014-05-08

Room: M1212D